
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
</head>
<body>

<div class="explanation">
    <p>As Internet Explorer (6,7,8) has not W3C mutation events, ItsNat provides
    alternatives way to synchronize the server DOM when the browser DOM changes
    valid on MSIE and W3C based.
    </p>

    <ul>
        <li><p>Autosync Attributes:</p>
            <p>This example shows how to automatically update a changed attribute on client
            in the server.
            </p>

            <p>Passing a <code>NodeAttributeTransport</code> parameter to the method
            <code>ItsNatDocument.addEventListener</code> commands ItsNat to
            transport the current specified client attribute value when the client event
            is fired, this value is updated automatically in the server, removing or creating
            the attribute if necessary.
            </p>

            <p>The <code>NodeAllAttribTransport</code> alternative takes a snapshot of the
               attributes of the specified element.
            </p>
        </li>
        <li><p>Autosync the Content (Inner) of a Node:</p>
            <p>Similar to <code>NodeAllAttribTransport</code> the class
                <code>NodeInnerTransport</code> is used to update the server node content (inner)
                with the current content of the client counterpart.
            </p>
        </li>
        <li><p>Autosync a Node Completely</p>
            <p><code>NodeCompleteTransport</code> is used to update a server node
                with the current state of the client counterpart, content and attributes.
                Is the sum of the behavior of <code>NodeAllAttribTransport</code>
                and <code>NodeInnerTransport</code> classes.
            </p>
        </li>
        <li><p>Autosync Node Properties</p>
            <p>JavaScript DOM distinguishes between attributes and properties,
                some attributes have counterpart properties; property and attribute values may be different
                for instance the attribute/property "value".
                Java W3C DOM does not distinguish between attributes and properties,
                properties ever are saved as attributes.
            </p>

            <p>Similar to <code>NodeAttributeTransport</code> the class
                <code>NodePropertyTransport</code> is used to update a server node property/attribute
                with the current value of the specified client property counterpart.
            </p>
        </li>

    </ul>

</div>
</body>
</html>
