<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<HTML xmlns:itsnat="http://itsnat.org/itsnat">
<HEAD>
    <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <META http-equiv="Expires" content="0" />
    <META http-equiv="pragma" content="no-cache" />
    <TITLE>Introduction</TITLE>
</HEAD>
<BODY >

    <DIV class="x-panel-bwrap" id="ext-gen22" style="font-size:16px">
        <DIV class="x-panel-body x-panel-body-noheader x-panel-body-noborder" id="ext-gen23" style="width: 728px; height: 423px; ">
            <DIV id="introTest" style="margin:10px">
            <p>This is a demonstration of a web application developed using <a href="http://www.itsnat.org">ItsNat</a> 
            with a cool web interface based on pure HTML templates.
            The main purpose of this example is to show how you can bind almost
            any possible HTML layout to ItsNat.
            </p>
            <br />
            <p>Visual layout and CSS are based on <a href="http://extjs.com/">ExtJS</a> 2.2 JavaScript framework. 
            HTML code was obtained saving all web states of a running ExtJS application with Chrome ("Save page as...")
            and of course some work of cleaning and formatting was needed to convert this raw HTML 
            as pattern based HTML to be processed by ItsNat. The original application can be found in this
            <a href="http://www.greeneyed.org/test/indexJSON.test">link</a> (a <a href="https://webleaf.dev.java.net/">WebLEAF</a> application).
            <b>No JavaScript code of ExtJS is used</b>.
            </p>
            <br />
            <p>Java code in server is almost layout agnostic and can be considered not ExtJS based,
            but the visual layout is heavily based on generated HTML and CSS of ExtJS, so HTML templates used
            in this example are GPL (unless you buy a commercial licence of ExtJS).
            </p>
            <br />
            <p>This example works in <b>ALL</b> browsers supported by ItsNat including mobile versions (Pocket IE of WM 6 &amp; 6.1 painfully works).
            </p>
            <br />
            <p>Thanks to Daniel López (greeneyed), main author of WebLEAF, for the original ExtJS application.</p>
            </DIV>
        </DIV>
    </DIV>

</BODY>
</HTML>