
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" >
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
</head>
<body>

<div class="explanation">
    <h5>Bookmarking</h5>

    <p>Events fired by the server can be used for bookmarking an AJAX application,
        because user actions can be simulated to transport the application to the
        desired state when the initial page is being loaded.
    </p>
    <p>A user defined permalink system can be defined in your application,
        This type of custom url specify the page to load and the desired initial state.
    </p>
    <p>If these custom urls or bookmarks are present in the page as links (named permalinks) the
    user can save the application state as a normal URL, and search engines
    can use these links to traverse an AJAX application without using AJAX (ignoring JavaScript).
    </p>
    <p>This example shows three ways of bookmarking:</p>
    <ol>
        <li><b>Direct</b>
            <p>No events are fired by the server, normal code is used in the load phase to bring the application
               to the desired state before the page is initially showed to the user
               (for instance modifying directly the server DOM tree etc).
               This option is Google/Search engine "friendly" (is supposed the page is in "fast mode").
            </p>
        </li>
        <li><b>Events fired by server using the browser</b>
            <p>In this case, user actions are fully simulated.
            This option does not work with search engines because most of them
            do not understand JavaScript (AJAX is needed).
            </p>
        </li>
        <li><b>Events fired by server Not using the browser</b>
            <p>This option is faster than previous because the browser is not used
            and there is no network latency. This option is Google/Search engine "friendly" too
            because no JavaScript is needed (executed in the browser) to receive events
            by the server based listeners (is supposed the page is in "fast mode").
            </p>
        </li>
    </ol>

    <h5>More about search engines</h5>

    <p>The Feature Showcase is an example of how an ItsNat based AJAX application
        can be traversed by Google or any other search engine. Two methods of processing bookmarks/permalinks
        can be used, "direct" and "server-events without browser" (page ever in "fast mode").
        Direct method is used in the Feature Showcase. Permalinks are defined
        in the feature nodes and in tabs (the small <a class="tabPermalink" href="javascript:void(0)">p</a>).
    </p>
    <p>ItsNat automatically detects when the user leaves a page sending an AJAX event
        destroying the <code>ItsNatDocument</code> in server, this is not possible with search engines because JavaScript
        is ignored.
    </p>
    <p>
        This is not a problem because ItsNat does not keep the document "alive" in the server
        if the user-agent string of the bot is not recognized by ItsNat as a normal browser
        (of course a bot can be hidden as a normal browser), the document is invalidated (and removed from server)
        after loading if the browser is not supported/recognized by ItsNat.
    </p>
    <p>
        This avoid tons of orphan document objects in the server (only cleared when the session expires)
        when a bot traverses the Feature Showcase (or any ItsNat based application using the same approach of bookmarking).
        If the bot accepts cookies the limit impossed by
        <code>ItsNatServletContext.setMaxOpenDocumentsBySession(int)</code> is applied too.
    </p>

    <p>How the Feature Showcase is indexed by search engines:</p>
    <ul>
        <li><a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=site:www.innowhere.com:8080/itsnat" target="_blank">Google</a></li>
        <li><a href="http://search.yahoo.com/search?p=site:www.innowhere.com:8080/itsnat" target="_blank">Yahoo</a></li>
        <li><a href="http://search.live.com/results.aspx?q=site:innowhere.com/itsnat" target="_blank">Microsoft</a></li>
    </ul>

    <p>Note: in the Feature Showcase permalinks are normal links defined only for this task, but any "AJAX" link can be a permalink when the JavaScript is disabled, for instance when a bot loads the page:</p>

    &lt;a href="permalink" onclick="return false;"&gt;This AJAX Link Is a permalink too&lt;/a&gt;

    <p>ItsNat can add a server listener (using AJAX) to this link with no problem because onXXX methods are not used (ItsNat uses addEventListener or attachEvent).
    When a bot traverses the page the link (href) is followed but in a normal browser with JavaScript enabled the "return false" statement
    disables normal behaviour (page navigation).
    </p>

    <p>ItsNat also supports SCRIPT communication modes for events, all said before can be applied
        to these modes.
    </p>
</div>

</body>
</html>
